Update docs for ROCm 7 (#549)
ROCm/rocWMMA: docs/api-reference/api-reference-guide.rst

    \*\* = CDNA architectures matrix unit accumulation is natively 32-bit precision and is converted to the desired type.

.. note::

>     rocWMMA does support partial fragment sizes where FragMNK may be smaller than the BlockMNK sizes listed in the table above. These fragments are internally padded to nearest supported BlockMNK sizes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    rocWMMA supports partial fragment sizes where ``FragMNK`` may be smaller than the ``BlockMNK`` sizes listed in the table above. These fragments are internally padded to nearest supported ``BlockMNK`` sizes.
```
